Ripped by iStreamFlare
[light music playing]
[phone ringing]
[Jun-u groans]
[sighs sharply]
[Jun-u] Mom.
[sighs]
[groaning]
[upbeat music playing]
Hm.
Hmm.
WE LEFT IN A HURRY,
THERE'S NOTHING TO EAT
GET GROCERIES WITH YOUR SISTER
SON, SEE YOU WHEN WE GET BACK! LOVE, MOM
Hey.
[male gamer 1] Yo, yo!
-Oh, shit. Morris is here. Awesome!
-[female gamer] Hey!
-Are we rushing the school today?
-Uh, no, no, no.
I wanna farm the bunker for some loot.
We're gonna need all the rare drops.
-[female gamer] Okay.
-[male 2] What's that?
-What?
-Is that for real?
-[male] Turn on your TV.
-[female gamer] That's CGI.
What's going on?
Today, the ultrafine dust levels
in our city reached an all-time high…
[ominous music playing]
[phone alarms]
EMERGENCY ALERT
[reporter 1]
Some civilians have become aggressive
and extremely violent,
ruthlessly attacking anyone.
This phenomenon, which began
as a small riot in the Gangbuk District,
is spreading rapidly.
It seems to have already spread
beyond Seoul to a national scale.
[car crashes]
The government is considering declaring
a state of emergency at this moment.
-[people clamoring]
-[alarms wailing]
[screaming]
[horn honks]
[woman screaming]
-[glass shattering]
-[gasps]
[snarling]
[man screams]
[foreboding music playing]
[shouting]
[glass shattering]
[siren wailing]
[helicopter droning]
SEOUL FIRE SERVICES
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
[man 1] Help!
[siren wailing]
Mom.
-[gasps]
-[girl] Mom, where are you?
Mom!
[tense music playing]
[man 2] Let's go!
[gasping]
-[squelches]
-[woman screams]
[gasps]
Run away!
[snarls]
[foreboding music playing]
-[Sang-cheol screams]
-[gasps]
[Sang-cheol] Get away! Get away from me!
-[Sang-cheol groaning]
-[creature snarls]
-[woman screaming]
-[thudding]
[device beeping]
-[panting]
-No, no, no! What the…
-Close the door!
-Hey! What…
Who are you?
I'm sorry.
Seriously, I'm sorry.
You know me. We've met before.
I live right next-door. Unit 403.
I don't care.
Get the hell out of my apartment.
-[grunting]
-No! No, no. Wait! Just wait!
Please.
Hear me out.
-[sighs]
-Some… Something's not right.
Everyone outside…
is running around like they're crazy.
You're alone, right?
Yeah.
In my apartment…
my brother…
he suddenly…
[groaning]
[panting]
[clears throat]
I really don't know
what's going on right now.
But what happened at your place
is none of my business.
-If there's a problem, call… Hey!
-No, no! Wait, wait.
You don't know?
Didn't you see what's going on outside?
You really don't know?
The cops and the people--
-Come on!
-Get out! Get out!
No, wait! Just wait.
[pants]
Please, let me…
Just let me… just use your bathroom.
[panting]
[chuckles]
Leave as soon as you're done.
Thanks a lot.
[water sloshing]
[reporter 1]
We apologize for the interruption
due to an unstable network connection.
I repeat.
Due to the rapid spread of the infection
in densely populated areas,
the situation in major cities
have become uncontrollable.
VIOLENT INFECTED RISING
Infected are known
to show violent tendencies,
and the symptoms of the infection
also include episodes of screaming
-and bleeding of the eyes.
-[woman screams]
We have breaking news.
There have been reports of
cannibalistic behavior among the infected.
I repeat.
Infected individuals are displaying
cannibalistic tendencies.
The attacks on innocent civilians
have escalated,
from assault to cannibalistic behavior.
The KCDC has stated
that getting bitten by an infected…
In other words, a bite or stab wound…
Hey, hey, hey. Hold on! Hold on! Hey.
Hey, stop!
Stop. Look.
I'm okay.
Look, I'm…
I… I'm totally fine! No, please.
Don't… don't!
Don't kick me out, please?
-[grunts]
-No, no.
I told you to get the fuck out!
-Leave!
-Please!
Please, please, please, just one hour.
Let me stay here for just an hour. Please?
Hey, what happened to your hand?
Oh, this is nothing.
-This… It's nothing.
-[panting]
I didn't do this.
I didn't!
-No!
-[whimpering]
No, no, no…
No!
-Oh…
-[panting]
[Sang-cheol groaning]
[gasping]
No, no way. This can't be!
-[groans]
-[bones cracking]
-[gasping]
-[choking]
Hey, I told you to go!
-Hey, get out!
-[groaning]
[panting]
-[grunts]
-What the fuck?
[choking]
Get out!
[gasping]
-[snarls]
-No! Hey!
[grunting]
-[groaning]
-[snarling]
[panting]
-[growling]
-[gasps]
[panting]
[panting continues]
[gasping]
[sighs sharply]
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues]
[bones cracking]
[growls]
[snarls]
[snarling continues]
[clattering]
[sighs]
[sighs sharply]
[water sloshing]
[groaning]
[message alert tone]
[sloshing stops]
421,500 WON WITHDRAWN
ON NOVEMBER 24
[sighs sharply]
[groaning]
[dial tone]
[operator]
We're experiencing--
-[dial tone]
-[indistinct chatter over TV]
[sighs]
[dial tone]
[operator]
Your call cannot be connected.
-[groans]
-[phone beeps]
NEW MESSAGE FROM MOM
JUN-U, ARE YOU OKAY? WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR TO ANYONE.
IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE WE CAN GO HOME
BUT WE'RE SAFE, DON'T WORRY
JUST DO WHAT THEY SAY ON TV
MY SON, YOU MUST SURVIVE
[reporter 1] Also, make sure you have
enough food and water for 60 days…
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
I MUST SURVIVE
[groans, sighs]
[groans]
Mom.
I should've listened to you
and bought more groceries.
[groans]
[siren wailing in distance]
[reporter 2]
We've heard opinions…
-[creature snarling]
-[gasps]
DAY 2
[reporter 2] Professor Kim Yeon-jeong,
a disease expert, has joined us.
Professor Kim,
how would you define this epidemic?
[Dr. Kim] Other than the fact that
the infected exhibit behavioral changes,
we  don't know anything
certain at the moment.
However, it seems that the extremely
aggressive tendencies and cannibalism
have to do with the brain
of the newly infected.
[reporter 2]
It could be a type of mental illness?
-And not an infectious disease?
-[dial tone]
[operator] Your call cannot be connected
to voicemail at this time.
[Yeon-jeong] However, aggressive
and cannibalistic tendencies
exhibited by those being infected
seem to be connected…
[groaning]
The mutated virus
affects neurotransmitters,
specifically part of the brain,
that trigger violent tendencies.
HELP ME
[helicopter droning]
[foreboding music playing]
[clears throat]
201 EUNSOL APARTMENT UNIT 402,
79-3 YANGUI-RO, YEONGDEUNGPO-GU, SEOUL
201 EUNSOL APARTMENT UNIT 402
THERE IS A SURVIVOR, SEND HELP
[sighs sharply]
#I_MUST_SURVIVE
[sighs]
Hey, it's working.
See? What did I tell you?
This is totally amazing!
Yeah, it works. It's working!
-[man 3] Hear me?
-[man 4] Hello?
-Hello?
-Hey, guys, it's me. I'm here. Look…
-I can't really hear you.
-[man 5] It works. Dope!
-Oh, see?
-Hello?
-Whoa!
Aah!
[screams]
[woman 1] No!
[gasps]
[woman 2]
We received this from a viewer.
[snarling]
As you can see, infected individuals
exhibit physical changes
along with extreme violent tendencies.
It's important to point out
the symptoms don't appear right away.
The infected can remain asymptomatic
for several minutes…
[droning]
[tense music playing]
NO SERVICE
[message alert tone]
CALLING DAD
Oh, shit!
What?
-[beeping]
-[dial tone]
No…
[beeps]
[gunshots]
CANNOT CONNECT
Fuck!
[panting]
-[car crashes]
-[horn honks]
[alarm wailing]
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
-[creatures snarling]
-[gunshot]
POLICE
[snarls]
[gasping]
[hisses]
[snarling]
[groans]
[grunts]
[creatures snarling]
[policewoman groaning]
-[policewoman yelling]
-[groans]
[screaming]
[foreboding music playing]
[whimpering]
Hey, wait, you fuckers! Hey!
-[Jun-u] Hey!
-[gasps]
Hey!
Hey, you fucking assholes!
-[screams]
-[groans]
-[panting]
-[loud banging]
[banging continues]
-[banging]
-[clinking]
[ominous music playing]
[clattering]
[gasping]
-[growls]
-[gasps]
[foreboding music playing]
[grunting]
[groans]
[panting]
[snarling]
[thuds]
[sighing]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
[snarling]
[siren blaring in distance]
[grunts]
[indistinct chatter over megaphone]
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
[woman screaming in distance]
Hey there, it's Oh Jun-u.
My subscribers probably all know me
under the name Morris62.
[somber music playing]
Well…
I've been…
stuck at home for two full days now.
"You must survive.
You must survive!"
That was the last text message
I got from my father.
But you see,
I don't really know
how I'm going to survive this.
It's a miracle that I'm still alive
and recording this right now.
Man…
Well, anyway, my friends.
All right.
That's it for today.
Don't forget to subscribe…
[sighs]
DAY 7
[exhales]
Forgive me, Dad.
I MUST SURVIVE
[reporter 3] What we've found
is that the infection only spreads
through the transfer of blood,
which occurs via bites and stab wounds.
The best thing we can do
at the moment
is to avoid being bitten by the infected.
Other than cannibalistic tendencies,
the infected do not seem to possess
a heightened sense of vision,
hearing, and smell.
Also, some seem to retain
certain behavioral patterns
they've had before they were infected.
Things like opening a door or a window.
Some remember their jobs
and repeat specific behaviors.
A wide range of cases are being reported.
-Available for anyone.
-[Jun-u] Douchebags.
A commercial? What the fuck?
[man slurping]
-[gulps]
-[sighs]
-[man sighs]
-[woman 3] Change it with Jin Ramen.
♪ Ottogi Jin Ramen ♪
THE LAST SUPPER
[gasps, slurps]
[moans]
[reporter 4]
We'd like to introduce you
to somebody who can help you cope
with this unexpected crisis.
[slurping]
Please welcome Ms. Kim Elena,
a psychologist.
-[moans]
-Ms. Kim?
Today, it's my absolute pleasure
to demonstrate a breathing exercise
that can help ease anxiety.
THE LAST SUPPER
[sighs]
[groans]
[slurping]
DAY 10
[sighs sharply]
[somber music playing]
It's me again, Jun-u.
I've almost run out of food and water.
[Jun-u]
But I won't leave the house, never.
I'd rather starve to death than get bitten
and end up like those monsters.
They keep showing the same screen
on TV every day.
They keep saying
everyone should just wait at home,
but I have no idea what's going on.
My mom rarely watched TV.
She liked listening to Internet
shows while cleaning.
She's even sent in her stories
a few times.
[gasps]
The radio.
Due to the recent disaster,
they developed a mobile app for using
FM frequencies without a phone signal
to send out emergency broadcasts.
You can plug in a 3.5mm audio jack
to use as an antenna
to receive signals.
A headphone jack would be ideal.
Shit.
Damn it. Why are they all wireless?
[upbeat music playing]
DAY 15
[Jun-u's mom] When did I say that?
[Jun-u's dad] He's probably playing
that game again.
[parents laugh]
[Jun-u's mom]
Next, let's go on a family trip.
-[beeping]
-[Jun-u's dad] All right.
[Jun-u's dad]
Why are you standing there?
-[laughs]
-[Jun-hui] 'Sup, crybaby.
Can't you say hi?
Have you eaten yet?
-[gasps]
-[Jun-u's mom chuckle]
[Jun-u's mom] Hmm…
-[chuckles]
-[Jun-u] Mom.
[sighs]
[whimpers]
Ma…
[somber music playing]
[chuckles]
♪ Someday ♪
[sighs sharply]
♪ However ♪
♪ Somehow ♪
[whimpering]
[crying]
[breathing heavily]
[screaming]
[sobs]
[grunts]
[sighing]
-[message alert tone]
-[gasps]
What?
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
ONE NEW VOICE MESSAGE
[gasping]
[Jun-u's mom] Son.
[choppy call]
Stay at home, okay? Don't go outside.
[groaning]
VOICE MESSAGE
[creatures snarling]
[grunting]
[Jun-u's dad] Jun-u.
[Jun-u's mom]
We're at your dad's office.
Your sister is here.
[Jun-hui]
How's Jun-u? He's at home, right?
-[Jun-u's mom] God!
-[Jun-'s dad] What?
-[Jun-hui] Mom, run!
-[creatures snarling]
[Jun-u's dad] What? Honey,!
Close the door!
-[Jun-hui screaming]
-Close it! Come on!
Hide by the window. Go, go, go!
-Jun-hui!
-[Jun-hui screaming]
[Jun-u's family screaming]
-[Jun-hui] What should we do?
-[yelps]
Help!
[crying]
Help me!
[groaning]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[creature choking]
Fuck!
Aah! Motherfuckers!
Come out!
Come on out!
[pants]
[Jun-u] Fuck it.
[screeches]
[snarling]
What?
The fuck do you want?
[woman 4] Help!
Please!
Please help me.
-[groaning]
-[screeching]
[gasping]
[tense music playing]
[growling]
[creatures snarling]
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[sighing]
[breathing heavily]
[growling]
[grunting]
[straining]
DAY 20
[somber music playing]
[rumbling]
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
[explosion]
[alarm wailing]
[explosions]
[creatures snarling]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
Hello…
Well, goodbye.
[sighs]
-[rumbles]
-[choking]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[groans, coughs]
HELLO
MO
[panting]
"Don't…
be…"
MORON
A moron?
Yeah, stupid.
What?
[clattering]
[gasps]
Five?
Two?
[whispering]
Seven o'clock.
Seven… Seven o'clock?
Yes.
[shushes]
[chuckles, sighs]
Ow, ouch.
[groaning]
[exhales sharply]
[indistinct chatter]
[ominous music playing]
[snarling]
[sighs]
DAY 3, DAY 4, DAY 5, DAY 6, DAY 7
[creatures snarling]
[ominous music playing]
[creature snarls]
[gasping]
[sighs sharply]
Huh?
Ahh…
Sorry.
[light music playing]
Hold on.
OH JUN-U
KIM YU-BIN
Kim Yu… Kim Yu-bin.
That's it?
Kim Yu-bin. Kim Yu-bin.
Ms. Yu…
Yu-bin?
[scoffs]
Could he really be that stupid?
[groans]
I'm such a loser.
No. No.
[chuckling]
What's he doing?
[thudding, clattering]
[gasps]
No. Please don't go! No!
[thudding]
-[gasps]
-[clattering]
[groans]
[foreboding music playing]
Mm-hm, seven.
[creature growling]
[snarling]
-[thunder rumbling]
-[rain pattering]
[foreboding music playing]
Eighth floor.
[creatures snarling]
[groaning]
[chuckles]
-[stomach grumbling]
-[groaning]
I'm okay. Thanks.
Are you hungry?
Yes.
[tense music playing]
[sighs sharply]
Uh?
Uh…
[droning]
[tense music playing]
[chuckles]
EAT SLOWLY
He shouldn't eat so fast.
[snarls]
-[clatters]
-[gasping]
-[growls]
-[yells]
[snarling]
[gasping]
911 EMERGENCY SERVICES
[growls]
-[glass shatters]
-[growls]
[snarls]
[groans]
[grunting]
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues]
[growling]
Bring it on, fucker.
No.
[breathing heavily]
[growling]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[gasping]
[sighs]
[creatures snarling]
STAY STRONG
[snickers]
Jeez…
How can I survive with these?
[groans]
I MUST SURVIVE
Oh Jun-u, you can do it.
Oh Jun-u, you got this.
[gasps]
Let's go do some farming. Hm!
[foreboding music playing]
Jeez.
[groaning]
Oh!
-[creature snarling]
-[gasps]
[foreboding music playing]
[beeping]
[beeps]
-[door locks]
-[gasps]
[groans]
Oh!
[glass clinks]
[ominous music playing]
[groans]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[sighs]
-[high-pitched tone]
-[gasps]
-[snarling]
[screaming]
Aah!
[growling]
[panting]
[light music playing]
[moaning]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[radio static]
Oh…
[snarling]
[Yu-bin] Hello?
Hello? Anybody there?
Oh, shit.
Shit!
Hello?
Still asleep?
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
-[sighs]
-Hello.
Yes, hello!
Shh. Softer, please.
[whispering]
Right. Yeah, absolutely.
I'm just…
I'm just so excited.
This is so cool!
You don't have to whisper,
just so you know.
Oh, right.
That bag you sent.
[Jun-u] What?
[Yu-bin] The… Nutella.
Can you hear me?
Nutella.
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
Don't press the button when I talk.
What?
The button.
Don't press the button when I'm talking.
Oh…
Right, I knew that. Makes sense
Thank you for the food.
Hmm. Sure.
Well, do you like Nutella?
Hmm…
kinda.
What, why'd I send it to her then?
I can hear you, you know.
[groans]
I'm an idiot.
I can still hear you, you know?
[sighs]
Thank you for the food.
I really enjoyed it.
I should thank you.
For saving me.
Thank you so much.
I didn't save you.
What?
I said, I didn't save you.
You saved yourself
because you wanted to live.
Your eagerness to live
is what's keeping you alive.
[Jun-u] Yeah, but still…
Without you…
If I'd never met you,
I wouldn't be here now.
I nearly died.
I mean, I… I almost killed myself,
you know.
I'm so sorry to hear that,
but can we talk about something else?
What?
If it's alright with you…
I'd love to talk about something,
just anything.
Want to make noodles?
Did you drain them?
There's only a little water.
You have to control the amount
of water and simmer it down.
Simmer it down?
If you want to mix it with rice later…
What do you mean mix it later?
-Do you know how to cook noodles?
-[scoffs]
Who doesn't know how to cook noodles?
[sighs]
Well, you obviously don't know how.
Why wouldn't she pour out the water?
She's weird.
Chapagetti. I think Chapagetti
tastes the best
when mixed with Neoguri. Right?
NEOGURI
[clears throat]
That's way too much food for me.
You can't even finish that?
Eat up, neighbor.
Yes, yes, I'm going to right now.
[Jun-u] Oh… Oh, my.
I wish I could top it off
with a sesame oil.
[laughs]
You're scared of heights?
What? What's wrong with that?
Well, it just doesn't suit you.
You cut off someone's hand,
yet you're scared of heights?
I never cut off anyone's hand.
What?
Those monsters aren't human.
Not anymore.
I am afraid of heights.
I fell while climbing as a kid.
Climbing?
As in climbing as deep cliff
in the mountains with bare hands
like Tom Cruise in MI3?
Well, I'm not that good.
[scoffs]
Tom Cruise, really? You sound ancient.
[rumbling]
Oh, it's raining! We need rainwater.
Get a bowl. No, a pail!
A pail?
[sighs]
[rumbling]
That's not rain.
[creatures snarling]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Jun-u.
-Jun-u.
-[clattering]
[snarling]
[foreboding music playing]
[banging]
Yu-bin, are you okay?
They're coming straight to my apartment.
[snarling]
[gasping]
[sobbing]
They're outside the door.
What am I gonna do now?
Which unit?
-What?
-What unit?
[gasping]
[telephone ringing]
[snarling]
[gasps]
[telephone ringing]
[whimpering]
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
Are you ready?
By the way,
are you sure no one's out there?
Yes, I'm sure.
It's gotta be the eighth floor.
It's vacant.
Yu-bin. Even if it isn't empty…
it's okay with me because…
whether we get eaten by them or starve,
we all die someday.
Never mind.
What?
I'm coming. I'm leaving now.
[tense music playing]
But not through the door.
What the…
Yu-bin.
You there?
Do you think we can survive this?
I'm not sure.
But I want to.
I really want to get through this shit.
I don't wanna be torn to shreds
by those rotting creatures.
And believe me, I don't want to
be fucking eaten alive either.
We have to survive.
We'll survive together.
All right, then.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jun-u] Listen up.
I'll get down there first
and distract them. That's your cue.
One, two.
After that…
Three!
[grunts]
[groans]
-[grunting]
-[snarls]
What the fuck?
-[screaming]
-[grunting]
Who is she?
-[gasps]
-[screeches]
-[snarling]
-[grunting]
Unreal.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[snarling]
[screams]
[creature growls]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[squelches]
[screams]
-[growling]
-[yells]
[grunting]
[gasps]
Yu-bin! Let's go!
Oh!
[panting]
[Jun-u grunting]
[Yu-bin yelling]
-[grunts]
-[squelches]
[groans, pants]
[elevator dings]
[panting]
Go, go, go!
[cracking]
[glass shatters]
[both sigh sharply]
[both breathing deeply]
Glad to see you're still alive.
Nice to meet you.
Likewise.
[sighs]
You're so damn cool.
You too.
[sighs]
I'm tired.
-[dings]
-[operator] Eighth floor.
Huh?
Hm.
-[creature screeches]
-[gasps]
[snarling]
[foreboding music playing]
[creatures growling]
[grunting]
Please, please!
[gasps]
[yelps]
[grunting]
[gas hissing]
[survivor] This way!
Come on! Hurry!
-Come on! Come on! Hurry! Hurry!
-[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[banging on door]
Okay. We're good.
We're good now.
Jesus, relax.
Guys.
You don't need to thank me,
but that thing…
Could you ask her to put that thing away?
-Let's just--
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
-All right.
Who are you? Why did you help us?
Well…
Aren't you the one who pleaded for help?
I really thought
the eighth floor was empty.
-[creatures snarling]
-[gasps]
Shh…
[survivor] Goodness.
By the way,
how did you two manage to survive?
I mean, that's quite impressive, you guys.
You see, I thought I was the only survivor
in the entire building.
We thought we were the only survivors
in the complex
and everyone else was…
Right, of course.
But not anymore, you know?
No, guess not.
[chuckles]
Oh, by the way, you seem to know a lot.
I mean, about those things out there.
[Jun-u] Since I'm still alive,
I've been stuck at home,
listening to the news.
[survivor] Same here.
But why were you guys together?
You know each other?
[Jun-u] Not really.
We didn't know before this.
We met four days ago.
Hmm.
You've been hunkering down here
all by yourself?
[survivor] Right.
Anyway…
Aren't you guys thirsty? Have some water.
What's wrong?
Right, I… I get it.
With everything that's been going on,
no wonder you've been careful.
Ahh.
Drink it. It's all good.
-[sips]
-You guys must be hungry.
Do you want some food?
Yeah?
Spam.
[both moaning]
So? Do you guys like it?
Yes.
This is amazing.
I'm glad.
-[coughs]
-Slow down. Eat slowly.
Okay, thank you so much.
There's enough food for us to last
until the rescue team arrives.
Rescue?
-Seriously?
-Rescue team?
You didn't hear the news?
Isn't that why you came up here?
You heard it? On the news?
I can catch the signal from time to time.
You guys really didn't hear it?
[scoffs]
[gasps]
[both sobbing]
-[chuckling]
-[gasps]
Uh, yeah.
We need to hold out a little longer.
Wow.
[chuckles]
By the way,
how did you stay hidden for so long?
Hiding is easy, you know.
I had to hide whenever I smoked
because of my wife. That helped.
[chuckles]
Do you… Do you have any children?
[Jun-u mumbles]
Nope.
But you two kids arrived today.
What?
[utensil clinks]
[foreboding music playing]
Sir.
[Yu-bin sighs]
Sir… Sir.
[gasps]
Jun-u. Jun-u.
Hey, Jun-u.
[groaning]
[Yu-bin groans]
-[squeaking]
-[groans]
[groaning]
-[gasps]
-[survivor] Just go to sleep.
Good, just like that.
Jun-u.
[Yu-bin] Jun… u.
[foreboding music playing]
[sighs]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[Yu-bin gasping]
[creature snarling]
[gasping]
-[snarls]
-[gasps]
[Yu-bin screams]
-[panting]
-[growling]
-[snarling]
-[Yu-bin screaming]
My wife…
-She's been starving.
-[Yu-bin breathing heavily]
Who knows how long she…
she would have starved
if it weren't for you?
I have to do this.
[Yu-bin panting]
Jun-u! Jun-u!
I hope you understand.
[Jun-u]
Understand my ass, you fucking nutjob.
Yu-bin!
Yu-bin, are you in there?
Can you hear me?
Answer me, Yu-bin!
I want to save my wife.
What's so wrong with that?
You guys never had to kill anyone?
[Yu-bin screaming]
[survivor] Right.
The fact that we're still alive
means that you and I…
-We're the same.
-Sir.
Sir, just wait please.
Hold on. Let's talk, okay?
All right.
All right, then.
[grunting]
[Yu-bin] Jun-u!
Come on, please!
Why won't you let us live?
Then what about us?
Do you think our lives are worthless?
So leave.
Leave the girl here and go.
[survivor]
I'll spare your life.
You can take all the food I've got.
-[screaming]
-[snarling]
Just this once.
-Stay back! Don't come closer!
-Just this once!
If you take one more step,
I will kill you!
Just…
Forget we're here and leave us alone!
-Stay back!
I will kill you!
-[snarls]
-[gasps]
-[Yu-bin screaming]
-No!
Yu-bin!
Yu-bin! Yu-bin!
Honey.
Honey!
-Yu-bin!
-Honey!
It's okay.
It's okay. I love you.
I'm sorry I failed you.
[survivor] It's okay.
It's all right.
It's okay.
[gunshot]
[snarling]
[growling]
[whimpering]
[panting]
-[creatures snarl]
-[gasping]
[sighing]
Jun-u.
[chuckles]
We're still human, you know.
And we're together.
[somber music playing]
It's okay now.
No.
[whimpering]
[Yu-bin sobbing]
[crying]
Fuck!
[helicopter droning]
Hold on. Wait. Hold on a second.
What's going on?
What the fuck is happening?
-[sobs]
-My god.
[both gasp]
-The roof. Roof!
-Wait, this thing…
-we need to…
-To the roof!
-Hurry! Scissors.
-Fuck!
The scissors!
-[grunts]
-[growls]
[ominous music playing]
[grunting]
Move! Move! Out of the way, motherfuckers!
[Yu-bin] Move! Move!
[screaming]
Come on! Quick! Quick!
-[Yu-bin screams]
-[snarling]
Yu-bin!
-Jun-u.
-Get away!
Jun-u, come on!
Go! Just go!
Get to the roof, signal the chopper!
You have to hurry, okay?
[tense music playing]
[panting]
No.
[grunts]
Fuck! Fuck this shitty apartment!
The chopper. The chopper?
[panting]
[sobbing]
There are survivors here.
We're still alive!
-There are survivors here!
-[banging on door]
[somber music playing]
We're alive!
[Jun-u] There are survivors here!
We're still alive!
Over here!
There are survivors here!
[sobbing]
-We're still alive…
-There are survivors here!
We're still alive up here. Please help us.
[banging]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[snarling]
-[grunts]
-[clicks]
-[droning]
-[gasping]
[gunshots]
[gasps]
[snarling]
[rescuer]
This is Kilo 717 Bravo Five Point.
We rescued two survivors
from Eunsol Apartment Complex.
-This is Kilo 717 Bravo Five Point.
-[phone chiming]
We rescued survivors
from Eunsol Apartment Complex.
Transporting them to Tango Two, over.
MISSED CALLS
YOO: YOU HOME? - CHU: CALL ME
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[sighs]
[reporter 5] Impossible to know
how many people are infected,
but the authorities speculate
that at least 50,000
are infected across the country.
The metropolitan area
was hit especially hard
due to the compact spacing of rental units
within various apartment complexes.
Rescue squads are focusing
on locating and extracting survivors
within the area by tracking SOS messages
posted on social media by civilians.
Each region's internet
and wireless networks
have been or are being restored,
so the SOS messages on social media
have been rather effective.
Each region's Disaster and Safety
Countermeasures Headquarters
will promote a campaign
that encourages all survivors
to post their current locations
on social media.
[dramatic music playing]
#I_MUST_SURVIVE
#ALIVE
[tense music playing]
[somber music playing]
["Break" by Beenzino playing]